 Yes, I can see it now. So, let us just see the output of this program. Right? So, right like in this code area and select show preview. Select show preview option. So, it is taking little bit of time. Yes. Hero is where heading and below it you have a paragraph. It is in the red color. Is that clear to you? Now, could you just make your heading more different font size? You know about font size? Yes. It is a property of text. Every text has this property. So, after writing one property you know property and value. So, after writing property value you need to put a semicolon. So, after writing blue you need to put semicolon. Same I colon. After writing blue. Don't worry about font size. I will tell you. Why are you doing things like that? Do what I have told you? See color, colon, blue, put a semicolon. And tell you what is wrong with font size? I will tell you. So, put a semicolon there. After blue this is what I said. I said after blue, put a after blue, put a semicolon. Yeah, semicolon not colon there. The difference between colon and semicolon. Dot and a comma that is called a dot comma. And hit the enter button. Come to next line. Come to the next line after color blue. Now, start writing font size. So, font size don't have a gap in between. It says font dash size. It says font dash size. Now, put a colon. Like you know color has a colon. So, similarly, font size will have a colon. Put some value. Write it in pixel. 55. What 55? Pixel. Let's see if we can see the output. It is not affecting it that much. Change it to 550 pixels. Just add a zero after 5. Why it isn't working? Let me see. Okay, let me try that. I should be working. Just refresh your page. It should be working. Let me see. What happened? Demi. Are you there? Can you hear me? Yeah. So, it should be working. You need to just refresh your page. Sometimes the changes does not get reflected. Need to just refresh the page. You know how to refresh the page. Click on that reload button. Let me show you. This is hero. I want to change it's font size. I will make it 100 pixels. So, hero. Became 100 pixels. This is how it works. So, if it is not happening, you can just refresh the page using this refresh button. Can you see this refresh button? This round icon. It isn't working. Oh, you did a big mistake. It doesn't mean the problem lies in your style type. You put the same icon at the end of your style type. In line number 5, what did you do? In line number 5, you have done this mistake. That is why this thing is happening to you. And close your style type should not be closed there. You can move it. Yeah. So, your hero and will and got quite larger. Is that clear to you? Is this thing clear to you or not? I didn't hear you. Is it what? Okay, it is clear to you. All right. So, now I don't like this size. Please make it smaller like I think 50 or 60 would be good. All right. Now, we are going to learn about another property that is high and width. Okay. So, what is high and width? Do you know what is high and width? So, what do you mean by high and width of something? It is the measurement of the body. When you measure a body, you measure it. Yeah. I want to say something. What did you do? Yeah. How big it is? Very good. So, high and width specifies the beginners of the pie. So, here you can see the hero is quite big. So, it is having greater height and greater width than your paragraph. I think there is no doubt about it. Right. Your heading has greater height and greater width. So, let's see and I'm going to show a share-mise cream. So, pay your attention here on my screen. Okay. Don't do anything else. All right. So, let's just resume sharing and you have fingers screen as well like you don't need to see your screen. Just look at my screen. Okay. Yeah. Keep my screen pinned. All right. So, hero and villain. They are very large. Let me make it to 20 pixel. I like it. 20 pixel. Right. Now, what I'm going to talk about is the height and width of something. So, this hero is a heading. Okay. Now, I want it to be taking more space. Like after some height, this paragraph starts. Right. So, I want to have some more space in between. What I will do is I will increase the height of this hero. So, I will increase the height and I will say the height will be 10 pixel. See 10 pixel is very less. That is why this paragraph got up. I want to stand in. If I make it 100 pixel see how far it is going to be from your head in. See. So, the distance between your heading and your paragraph is now 100 pixel is that clear to you. Is this clear? Okay. So, this is all about your height. Now, let's talk about the width. So, I think it would be better if you use an image. Okay. So, I'm going to use an image instead of this height heading and paragraph. So, let's just use the image. So, I would suggest you to create a new HTML file for this one. Okay. So, go to your VS code again. Close this output, you know, window. Close the output window. Create a new file. Okay. Let me do the same thing. Otherwise, you want to do it. So, I'm going to make this. To.html. I'm going to call this class to.html and I will create the boilerplate code and I will remove this all this unnecessary stuff. Okay. So, I hope this thing is clear to you and I will also show preview. Can you do all of this on your own? Can you do this on your own? Can you hear me? Can you hear me, Izer? Can you hear me? Can you hear me? should be okay. WHY YOU ARE NOT FUCKING OldEST YERES RanCHY Because you are not sitting in a classroom. I have told you many times. You are talking with me. We are having a conversation, okay? If you don't know something, I will tell you. I'll tell you, okay? So try to be friendly and try to ask me as many questions as you can. Try to do it because you are not going to get this time back, all right? So try to. So please reply me, can you do this on your own, like create a new file and open? Preview for that file, can you do all of that by yourselves? So do it, now I want to see it. I'm looking at your screen. Show me how to do it. So please reply me, can you do this? So please reply me, can you do this? This is not what I said. I, you didn't turn my instruction. I said you have to create a new file called class 2.html and then create a showplay because I don't want to disturb this file. So keep this file as it is and create a new file in your folder. So please reply me, can you do this? So please reply me, can you do this? Hmm. I know your computer is a little bit slow but don't worry, take your time, don't freak out, take your time and create a new file called class 2. Try to listen properly, try to listen what I'm saying and then do it. Don't do it randomly. So the file is created, now close the explorer because they don't want to see the file tree, the close the explorer. Click on simply click on that explorer tab, explore in the left side, you have explorer tab, click on that tab. So we go on, we have now more space. Now start writing HTML. Okay. And close this preview also, you don't want to see this page because this is not the page you are making, you are making some other page, huh? So close the preview, which is in the right side. So I'll let you know how to close it. Click on that cross icon, yeah. Okay. Go, go. Okay. Is your screen is stuck? Oh, you are not writing anything. Just try to style tag, huh? We write a style tag inside the head tag. There are two things that are inserted in head tag. First one is a style and another one is title. So on my screen you can see I have just titles. So I'll be starting with the style also. So write this title. Okay. Whatever that order doesn't matter. Okay. Okay. It will be better if you just preview this page. Click on show preview. Okay. So in the right side you can see preview. And you can see on the top you can see the title of your page. We haveそれでは We have to. Are there any time single is interested él bit what came to my hand? It's filled with nome and sing in the name of my name. What time so what? In a few days it takes 30 days toeraphtava and 159 months I can do it for you. Can there be any hospital? Okay, so I think you are ready to go? All right. So, let me start with the image. I think you also have an image of a flower, but for some reason I don't have it in my folder. I think I did not download any image. Let me just go and download an image. So, I am going to download an image of a rose, rose, small image. So, this is the image. I am going to paste, no, that will be the good one. So, you can see the resolution is 612, 400 something something. You can see in the right format, 612 by 40. I just it is 400. So, let's just directly connect and click on save image as. Oh, you can't see it actually, I am sorry for that. I thought I am sharing my whole screen. Okay. You don't respond, damn it, I don't like this. Why don't you respond? Yes or no, talk with me, I am not going to, you know, yell at you. I am not that kind of person. Please talk to me. Okay. So, can you see this rose in my VF-tode? Can you see this rose? Rose, okay. So, this rose is here. I can see it. Now, I wanted to be in my, you know, page. So, let's first of all preview a page. He was going to show preview. Now, I will add an image. How do we add images in our page? Can you tell me? How do we add images? I won't do anything until you respond. How do you add images images? You may. What? Would you please just type it as a chat section? Please type it as a chat section. Now, so this this is the page. I knew. type in the chat section how to add image okay image as you all right to a content so using image sr very good now I'm going to use the same thing i and g and sr is everything is provided to me as such so I will put the name of my file close dot gpcp then image is very large it is barely fitting my screen it is taking the whole space so I want to make it small I want to be I want it to be in a square shape and a small in the left top corner so I will select it using my CSS selector okay so I have few selectors first of all I need to style my HTML using style as so I will select it using i and g see the process is similar we had h1 so we used h1 to select so now we have i and g tiles so I'm using i and g and I will write some style for it so since this does not have any text is simply image it will be not having any color property okay you cannot actually color this image using CSS because it's an image okay so I am going to give it a property called height and width okay so let me change the height of this image height I want to make this height 15 pixels oh very small that just make a 100 pixels still very small 1000 pixel a 100 pixel is okay this looks good 200 pixel height looks good but don't you think the width also changed no width also got changed automatically so when you try to change always remember when you try to change the height width also changes in order to maintain the image ratio like this image had some resolution this was an rectangle image if you change the height the image could be distorted the image could get distorted means it can change this shape it won't look like a you know arose let me show you how does it look like when the shape is is in the world so what if I change the height to maybe 400 pixels look at this how bad it looks what if I change it to 800 pixels you will definitely not like this row okay see do like this rows I don't like it this is what happens when you define both width and height okay if you are not maintaining the ratio like there's some height to bit ratio of the image so you have to maintain it otherwise it will possibly change the height and width of the image okay so don't forceably do it only change one of the things like you want to change height change the height if you don't want to change height change the width so if I say where but will be changed see can you see that so if you change one of the property width or height then the other property also changes all right say yes or no say yes if you understood it so now I want you to do the same thing go to your file and first of all use ing src to add that image to your page it will definitely be a big image and then use this time tag to adjust its width the code is in front of you go ahead and do it in your visco da src can you do it? yes okay so then do it don't wait for anything go ahead and do it okay you want to get some images you can get it go get it you It's like a piece of fire that looks nice as before, with top salt, I came across this before. Demy, that's not how it is done. Go back to your browser, go back to your browser, go back to your browser, I said, please do what I'm saying. Okay, so you want this image, whatever image you want, just right click and click on save images. If you are not getting that option, first of all click on that image and then that image will open, first of all click on that image, whatever image you want. So click on the R, so on the right side of the image, right click on the image, don't click right click on the image and click on save image, click on save image as save image, don't copy the image, click on save image as Okay, you are not done yet, you can't copy the image like that, you are not listening to me, huh? Image doesn't work like that, image is not a text that you can copy and paste like that. Listen to me what I'm saying, then do what to do, okay, right click on the image and click on save image as save image as, click on save image again, what are you doing? Tell me what is this like what are you doing, what I'm trying to do like, so do you please just tell me what you are trying to do? Jammi, Jammi, Jammi, say yes or no, if you can hear me say yes or no, say yes if you can hear me, Jammi, hello, Jammi, Jammi please respond, because here me just type it in the chat section, you can hear me or no, what happened like why you are not responding, was I not audible? I was telling you basically what to do, okay, so this is the way you add image in your page, but you are using the wrong approach, let me tell you what you are doing wrong, first of all I told you to download the image, okay, so if you have to download the image you have to click on a different option, go back to your browser and right click on the image you want to download and click on save image as, that is the option for downloading the image, so right click on the image, click on save image as and the dialogue will pop up, it will ask you where to save the file, so save it in the same folder, why did you close it? Yeah, so save it in the same folder, you immediately save it to save it on your desktop, go to your desktop, now you have to do the work, go to your desktop, you know where is your desktop, minimize everything and you will go to your desktop, now where is your image, where did you save it? Where is it? I can see it, go to Devina folder, it is probably in there, all right, go to the Devina folder, okay, so it is not there again go to the browser and this time save it in your browser, it was too quick, I couldn't see you, what did you do, okay, so do it, step by step, don't try to be quick, all right, go to your browser, right click on the image, click on save image as and this time properly, okay, you are on your desktop and click on desktop again, in the left side, okay, so click on Devina click open it, open it, please, yeah, now here save file with a proper name like this folder is empty like there's no image, off type, the PNG, so properly rename this file to zombie or whatever you want to call it, make sure there's no space in the name, all right, don't try dot jpg, it will be automatically assigned, even if you write dot jpg, it will become dot ng5, okay, don't try to HTML, as image and HTML file, no, zombie land is an image, so it will be dot png, so don't write it, just write zombie land, okay, just zombie land, it will automatically put dot png in the end, all right, now you just have to save it, just need to save it, you saved it, very good, come back to your BS code, come back to your BS code and look at your explorer, close the other BS code, you have to be a code open, that is very confusing, close the other one, close this one, okay, now if you want to go to the left, use your two fingers, and scroll to the left, you'll go to the left side, use your two fingers on the track, I think you are using a laptop, right, yeah, so delete this all, you know unnecessary stuff, everything is incorrect here, you have written the link in a tag, okay, so that is wrong, now I want you to see the explorer menu, go to the explorer, where our your files are listed, see, you have got in this zombie land, click on that, jump in that, click on that, yeah, there you go, your images here, you can close this now, you have to put this image on your webpage, how do you do that, do it, first of all, close this image, I want you to close this image, from the tab, okay, whatever, close this, why are the, you know, cross thing, don't zoom it, how to close something, just close it, yeah, close unnecessary tab, you know, so that you, the focus on what you are doing, all right, so if you are looking for the file, I'm pretty sure it is class 2.inStammer, yeah, this is it, this is class 2.html, now in your body, add this image, how do you add this zombie land image, how do you add it, and now the copy doesn't work here, like this is not some random computer program, your copy paste, no, if you paste your, nothing will happen, you are, you know, you are trying to, this obey the rule of HTML, HTML says if you want to add an image, do your page, write image, SRC, that is what you said also, you also agree that if you want to add image, you use iMG, SRC, so do that, you have to do it, right, iMG, SRC and write name of the file in the source, is that it, yeah, the do it, yes, iMG SRC equal to double code in double code, you have to write name of your file, so what is your name of your file, you will get the suggestion, you can just press enter button to auto complete it, or you could just select it, the image is here, but don't forget to close the bracket, you have to close the bracket also, the image has been added, now i want you to make it smaller, make it smaller in size, so that it fits the screen, what did you say, did you say something, so the style tag is written inside the head tag, if you are confused in that, the style tag, the image inside the head tag, it could be before the title or after the title, it doesn't matter, but it must be inside the head tag, select the image and change its width or height, whatever you like, because at the end of the day you are going to make it smaller, so it doesn't matter, you are going to have to do it, you are going to have to do it, you are going to have to do it, you are screen is kind of stuck, are you doing something, so write your style, what are you waiting for, just go inside your style tag and start writing style, for your image, if you are not sure how to do that, you can go back to your other HTML file and look at that, or even just take reference from my screen, you can look at my screen and see how i have done it, look at my screen, you want to know how to change the height of the image, look at my code and write on this time, you should not just sit around and think how to do something, look at it, look at the computer, look at the picture, look at the picture, look at the picture, look at the picture, look at the picture, look at the picture, look at the picture, if you are not going to do it, look at the picture, look at the picture, look at the picture, look at the picture, what happened, Hey, I am continue doing what you are doing. You have, you know what you have to do. You have to reduce the size of your image because your image is very large. And if you want help, you can look at my code and try to understand what I have done. I think I have given an inner declaration. If you want me to explain again, I will explain again. Okay? Okay. So yes or no, like I just entered my, you know, sentence. So yes or no, I want to hear from you. You again said nothing. Say yes or no, so that I know that you will hardly be properly, I can easily mute my, you did not hear me. So I said, you have to reduce the size of your image. You have to reduce the width and height of the image. Okay? So you already added the image successfully in your code. Go back to your VSCode and see. You have added an image. That's a great job. Now what you have to do is, you have to reduce the height. So that it fits your screen area. You can see it is not fitting properly. So inside your style tag define style for your image. If you don't know how to do that, you can look at my code. It is there for your help. I'm giving you two minutes to do it. Do it or take whatever time you want, just inform me when you are done. All right, I'm not, you know, putting pressure on you. Take whatever time you want, just reduce the height of this image by some factor. All right, maybe make the height to 50 pixels. I don't care. First of all, pin my screen. So that you can see it in large. Wait for it. If it doesn't appear immediately, wait for it. Don't hurry up. It takes some time to, you know. I think it should be showing. Go back to your browser. Is there any H1 tag? You have to style. Do you have any H1 tag? Which you are styling? Where is your H1? Which you are styling? Where is it? Show me. Where is the H1? H1, you are styling H1, but there has to be an H1, right? If you are styling something, it has to be present somewhere. So there is no H1 tag in your code. There is only one image. So you should write the IMG over there. What? You should be writing IMG. Am I audible to you like my audio is clear or not? Leave everything. Leave everything. Come back to your browser and write about my voice like house my audio quality. Are you properly able to hear me or not? Why you are not responding? Just tell me the reason. I want to know if my audio is not good, I will do something for it. Just tell me. Tell me in the chat section why you are not able to properly respond. You are not able to hear me? Is that the reason? Is that the reason just tell me like I am not going to say anything? Just tell me I will do something for it. Again you are quite like why? Say something. Say yes or no at least. Again. Demi. Demi. Can you hear me? Demi. Demi. No you cannot hear me. Plug in your headphones. Again. Yeah. Saying a lot of things. Hello. Hello. Demi. Whenever you hear me say yes or no. I can hear you. Just can be a hand. Okay then. I am trying to join the meeting again for the last time. So join meeting again. Demi. Am I audible now? Demi. Why it is happening? Why it is happening? Sometimes your mic is working. So try to get it fixed. Try to get it fixed. Okay. So if you say yes or no like that is when I know that you have heard me properly. Otherwise I would know that you have listened to me or not. You are not in front of me. You are sitting at your computer. You are listening me via your earphones. So you have to respond every time when I say something. Okay. Say yes. Yes. Okay. So you are changing the height of your image. So go ahead and change the height of your image and then we will wrap up this class. Okay. Because share your free share your screen and change the width of your image. Change your thought height of your image. Whatever you want to do it immediately. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. You are not sharing your screen. Please share your screen. Just think about it. Your screen is not sharing. Like you are not sharing a screen. Yeah. You can see it now. So go to your DS code and continue doing what you are doing. Because we are running out of time. Okay. Few more minutes are left. So do it. So in your style tag you have to first define what you are selecting. So you have not selected anything. Okay. So first of all, right. Ing tag as a selector. Right. So right. Ing inside is tight. Look at my code. How I have done it. If you don't remember what I am talking about. Just go back to my screen and see what I am talking about. If you understood then well and good. Just go ahead and write Ing there. Your screen doesn't show any activity like you are not doing anything. So go ahead and write Ing tag in front of. Yeah. Not Ing tag actually Ing is a selector it is called. Yeah. Very good. So you can see that time pixel is very small. Why don't you make 100 pixel or maybe 200 pixel would be good. It is all up to you or your choices. You have to make. That is too big. Don't do that. Don't do that. We don't go that higher. 700 is too much. Go with 200 pixel. 220. Okay. That's fine. So that's how you change the width. 550 is very large. 500 is also large. So just have an approximation of you know. I mean 200 is quite low that you are very. So you can go till 232 50. So 399 is also very large. I'm telling you. Try to have an idea like 200 is this much. So 300 will go this much. Okay. Again you are not responding like. Yeah. Practice response like try to respond when somebody is starting to eat. So talk with me. Answer my questions. Even if you don't know the answer I'm not going to be mad at you. Okay. I will explain things to you. I'm here for your help. Okay. So I'm going to teach you. I'm not going to like. It's cold you like. I'm not going to be angry at you. No. I'll not do those things. Okay. I'm here to teach you something. You will learn something. How will that happen if you have. That will that be possible if you are not talking with. We have to talk with me now. Okay. Okay. So that is it. So make the height. Some words you know. Good. So that you know. It fits the width of the image. So make it 200. 200 looks good. So make your height. 200 pixels. 200 looks good. 200. I said. So what is cracking. I said. I said. I said. I said. I said. I said. I said. I said. 200. 200. Look at the chat section. Your voice is cracking. Yeah. I know. My voice is cracking. Look at the chat section. Can you hear me now? Can you hear me now? Can you hear me? Okay. Just wait a minute. Can you hear me now? Hello. Can you hear me? Yes. No. I said. Make your height. 200 pixel. That's it. That's my final statement. So make 200. 200. Okay. Okay. Okay. Then. So let's end the class. So goodbye. Bye bye. Have a nice day. I'm ending the. I'm ending the class. I'm ending the class. What? I am ending the class. Thank you. I'm ending the class. I'm ending the class. I'm ending the class. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Good. Have a nice day, bye bye. Today we have a salad pears, Now I will eat Yara. June. But yes, too. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. I am not. Come on. Let us continue. Back, over, over. After. The政治 general. This legislative general. Our daughter, he came early in the Springals new year, I think we started right here through that time. I was in the last one. I was very interested in that. But we were not even able to do that. Actually, I was just gonna lie and think about it. I was just gonna cry and cry and cry. I was just gonna cry and cry. I was just gonna cry and cry and cry. I was just gonna cry and cry and cry and cry and cry. But that was crazy ! I got I was gonna cry and cry. And I was just gonna cry and cry and cry Sometimes things kind of wrong I think I was so pissed of being humiliated And I was just gonna cry